Extend cartridge docs (#1963)
tarantool/cartridge: README.rst

Create your first application
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Long story short, copy-paste this into the console line-by-line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Long story short, enter these commands into the console one-by-one:
```

Documentation style guides (for example [Google's](https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#letter-c)) don't recommend using `copy-paste` wording
